>> Steve Kinney: We're getting there,
right?
We've seen couples, we've seen creative
store, combineReducers is a useful one.
What it allows you to do is effectively,
you can you can imagine a world
in a large scale application,
this function gets out of control, right?
What combineReducers does is it
allows you to combine reducers right?
Yeah, right?
and you can basically take that large
tree and break it down to a series of
smaller trees that becomes a little
bit more manageable, right?
So like, all right, the context in
the marketing campaign said that might be
one reducer for adding context.
Or like lists, we'll see it when
we build the compound board,
we'll have lists, we'll have cards,
we'll have users,
we'll kind of break those
out into separate pieces.
So combineReducers is effectively,
we'll actually take this first reducer,
just give it a better name,
we'll call it calculatorReducer, neat.
Let's change it over here,
so I don't break anything.
>> Steve Kinney: We'll actually
get rid of this for now.
And what we'll say is,
>> Steve Kinney: Give
ourselves some space.
>> Steve Kinney: We'll say
reducer = combineReducers.
CombineReducers takes an object, right?
Because eventually we're
splitting up that tree.
>> Steve Kinney: And we'll say,
>> Steve Kinney: Calculator,
>> Steve Kinney: Is calculatorReducer.
>> Steve Kinney: All right, cool, and
then let's just cancel out that one.
>> Steve Kinney: All right, we haven't
hooked it up to a store or anything.
We're just taking a pure
JavaScript function,
we're parsing it to those combineReducers.
>> Steve Kinney: So there's a lot
of extra stuff in there, right?
But we get this function that
is a combination, right?
We've got some warning messages and
stuff along their lines.
And it basically allows us to create
sub-reducers in here as well, right?
And so the calculator one will get only
the calculator branch of the tree, right?
So our initial state might
now be something like,
>> Steve Kinney: Calculator 0,
error is no error, right?
So, this reducer is only gonna
get this wing of the tree, right?
If we had an error reduce that we named
error, you get that wing of the tree.
So allows you to take this giant object
that Redux is holding on to, and
breaking it up into manageable pieces,
right?
All right, we can deal with all
this stuff involve users over here.
All this stuff involves cards over here,
right?
And you can break this up
into as many as you want.
The really cool thing is that the actions
still flow through all
of their reducers right?
So, if let say we've got a blog post and
comment, right?
We want to remove the comment completely
from the set of comments, and
we also wanna remove the blog
post pointing to that comment.
That remove comment will flow
through both reducers, right?
And so you don't need to like,
fire off multiple actions or
anything along those lines.
You can simply listen for the same
action in that payload multiple places.
Yeah, because it's all it's
effectively one giant store.
This is a big change from other database
management libraries like flux.
Flux you might have all of
these different stores, right?
That you'd keep it all separately.
This is one giant object, and
it gives us the ability to kind of
let them flow through each of them.
So all combined producers does it's
effectively not unlike compose,
completely separate.
We didn't actually make a store or
anything, it just takes multiple
functions and pair them up with different
parts of this state object, all right?
Super cool.
Replace reducer, I don't feel
the need to talk about [LAUGH].
It simply take that function and
swaps it out with another one, right?
I did mention this earlier,
I'll just say it again though, but
you can theoretically use the spread
operator take what the current reducer is,
add another one with combineReducers,
right?
And then replace it.
So you can kinda add more reducers as
you go along if you want to do some code
splitting and lazy loading and
stuff along those lines.